# Bike Sharing
> Bike sharing systems are new generation of traditional bike rentals where whole process from membership, rental and return 
back has become automatic. Through these systems, user is able to easily rent a bike from a particular position and return 
back at another position. Currently, there are about over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world which is composed of 
over 500 thousands bicycles. Today, there exists great interest in these systems due to their important role in traffic, 
environmental and health issues.
> Apart from interesting real world applications of bike sharing systems, the characteristics of data being generated by
these systems make them attractive for the research. Opposed to other transport services such as bus or subway, the duration
of travel, departure and arrival position is explicitly recorded in these systems. This feature turns bike sharing system into
a virtual sensor network that can be used for sensing mobility in the city. Hence, it is expected that most of important
events in the city could be detected via monitoring these data.

## Table of Contents
* [Data Analysis](#DataAnalysis)
* [Data Pre_Processing](#DataPre-processing)
* [Data Visualization](#DataVisualization)
* [Data Splitting](#DataSpiltting)
* [Model Training](#ModelTraining)
* [Model Evaluation](#ModelEvaluation)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- Predication of bike rental count hourly or daily based on the environmental and seasonal settings.
- Event and Anomaly Detection.
<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->

## Conclusions
- Bikes rental count are mainly depends on environmental and holidays.
- Some anamoly detected in datasets like ( count of casual users)
- Predicted Regression Model which helps to scale up the sales in future

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- Jupyter Notebook
- Pandas and Numpy
- Matplotlib and Seaborn
- Statsmodel and scipy

<!-- As the libraries versions keep on changing, it is recommended to mention the version of library used in this project -->

## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by prediction of bike rental count.

## Contact
Created by [@singh54] - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->
